[12/2/26]
Recently I have been thinking how does the filesystem work in my favourite operating system.
After watching a fireship video (super cool dude) on the linux filesystem. I learned that UNIX FS is just a tree.
Then came the difficult part of doing homework. Homework is extremely necessary in anything I make.
So, I searched what kind of tree is used? Why is it used? What information does a directory contain? What information does a file contain?
How does a file is linked inside a directory?
After finding answers to these questions, I planned how will I create this project. Planning is more important.


[17/2/26]
My planning is all done, Now its time for implementation. 

PS: I stay very busy due to my studies, and other hobbies, but still I'll try to give it as much time as I can.

My initial plan is to create header files and implement functions in it. However, I also know that these functions must be shifted to there respective files.

So at first I created a struct.h header, in this header file I implemented a struct.h file and being a C++ boomer I am, I used vector, just to realise that 
there are no vectors in the C programming language. This shows my boomer level skills in C though, and somehow its pretty funny, because to a person who
doesnt even know C, writing the whole gigantic project in it will be a fun process. 
I also implemented seperate structs for both file and directory. Both containing their respective information.
And an enum for file permission.
That is all I did today, Bye


[21/2/26]
Today I had a lot of free time to spend on this project and so I did. 

I spent a lot of time experimenting on how to create a dynamic array of files within a directory. I tried using vectors but I was dumbfounded that C doesn't
have its own library of any sort of dynamic array. So, what I did was, I implemented a linked list of files to stores these files 
(although I plan to use circular linked list in the future). 
And created a list.h header file for the list. 

As I previous mentioned, I am implementing the whole implementation in these header files, however I will transfer them to the .C file later.

In this file, I created a insert_file() function to insert a file to the list.
I also just very basically declared delete_file() functions to delete a file from the list.

Since, the whole UNIX filesystem uses tree. I then created a tree.h header to declare tree related functions in it. 

Also to increase code readabiltiy, I did some clean code formatting to make sure te code remains readable. I have tried to reduce code's reading difficulty 
as much as I can and I will make sure the code remains readable despite its changes and all.

Then I also implemented delete_file() function to some extent. Just like a normal linked list node deletion. 
Although I haven't implemented all the cases, which I will have to do in the future.

Renamed the files to increase readabiltiy. 


[22/2/26]
Added a comment in file_list.h

I also planned to use linked list for sub_directories. so I just declared its struct rn. 

Bye


